chore: add missing --p2p.network flags (#1149)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/developers/node-tutorial.mdx

  [optional: fee] [optional: gasLimit] [node store | auth token]
```

> We run the following to submit a blob to Mocha testnet in hexadecimal format:

Author: ```suggestion
We run the following to submit a blob to the network in hexadecimal format:
```
